Unify `device_memory_limit` parsing and set default to 0.8 (#439)
rapidsai/dask-cuda: docs/source/specializations.rst

For applications that do not fit in GPU memory, Dask-CUDA supports spilling from device memory to host memory when the GPU can't fit more data. The spilling mechanism is automatically triggered once the user-defined limit is reached, such limit can be set via the ``--device-memory-limit`` and ``device_memory_limit`` arguments for ``dask-cuda-worker`` and ``LocalCUDACluster``, respectively.

> Previously, spilling was disabled by default, but since Dask-CUDA 0.17 the default has been changed to ``0.8`` -- spilling will begin when Dask-CUDA device memory utilization reaches 80% of the device's total memory. The old behavior can still be set with ``--device-memory-limit=0`` or ``device_memory_limit=0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, spilling was disabled by default, but since Dask-CUDA 0.17 the default has been changed to ``0.8`` -- spilling will begin when Dask-CUDA device memory utilization reaches 80% of the device's total memory.  Behavior can configured with ``--device-memory-limit`` flag.  Users can disable spilling by setting ``--device-memory-limit=0`` or ``device_memory_limit=0``.
```
